# 3-Classic-Engagement-Ring-Styles-to-Consider---Lasolitaire
We all understand the significance of purchasing an engagement ring. This will be your big day and the engagement ring is one item you need to get perfect. When doing your research, you may have come across several engagement ring types, and we're sure that you've read the most about classic engagement ring styles. In this blog, we'll discuss three classic engagement ring types and why you should choose one of them.  Solitaire Ring     When it comes to engagement rings, solitaire rings are one of the most well-known classic styles. Solitaire rings are ring settings that are designed to carry only one gemstone. The ring's design allows the stone's splendour to shine through, allowing it to be the center of attention.  Emerald Diamond Halo Ring     Halo rings feature a centre stone that is encircled by a ring of smaller stones. This emerald diamond halo ring is a popular engagement ring style, and it's a great choice if your partner likes a little glamour! Emerald's green colour indicates new beginnings, whether in love or in life. It is the deep symbolism and the beauty of the stone that makes emerald diamond halo rings a good choice for a marriage proposal.   Three-Stone Ring     Three stones are set in a row in the three-stone ring. A slightly smaller stone surrounds the larger stone on either side. The side stones serve to enhance the main stone, adding to its sparkle. These rings have a flexible design that may be adjusted to include a variety of stones. This is an excellent option if you want to propose with a diamond ring that is also unique.  Now the question is, why choose a classic engagement ring style over others?  There's no wrong with being careful! It'll be a big day, and we're sure you'll have a lot of preparations to make. Why add to your stress by wondering whether you made the correct decision with the ring? When it comes to fashion trends, classic engagement ring styles are a popular choice. These classic designs are the ideal blend of flair and elegance, and they're the ideal symbol for expressing your eternal love.   Conclusion:  Choosing an engagement ring is likely to be one of the most significant purchases you make in your life. So, before making any decisions, do your own research. Check out our unique collections to find the perfect ring for your partner. 
